Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-conditional-navigation: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E3925)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Menu, NavBar, and TreeView for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to implement conditional navigation
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e3925/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to implement conditional navigation with ASPxMenu, ASPxTreeView and ASPxNavBar controls. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to implement conditional navigation with ASPxMenu, ASPxTreeView, and ASPxNavBar controls. 
```

![](confirmation-dialog.png)

## Implementation Details

1. Do not specify the `NavigateURL` property for items or nodes to prevent default behavior.

> 2. Assign navigate URL to item or node `Name` property. It allows you to access navigation URL from item or node context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Assign the navigate URL to the item or node `Name` property. It [it what? the property? clarify] allows you to access navigation URL from item or node context.
```

Author: ```suggestion
2. Assign the navigate URL to the item or node `Name` property to access this URL from item or node context.
```
